Sagemaker guides (#129)
comet-ml/comet-examples: integrations/model-training/sagemaker/log_completed_sagemaker_runs/README.md

# Logging Sagemaker runs to Comet

Comet supports transferring data from Sagemaker runs to Comet's Experiment Management tool. This approach requires no changes
to existing Sagemake code. It simply transfers data from completed Sagemaker runs to Comet.

> There are three ways to log data from a completed Sagemaker Run to Comet

Reviewer: I think Sagemaker uses jobs instead of runs in general and in this case we are specifically targeting training job. Processing jobs don't have metrics so I'm pretty sure it will always fails. Might be worth renaming the folder also

```suggestion
There are three ways to log data from a completed Sagemaker Training Job to Comet
```

```python
from comet_ml.integration.sagemaker import log_last_sagemaker_training_job_v1

COMET_API_KEY = "<Your Comet API Key>"
COMET_WORKSPACE = "<Your Comet Workspace>"
COMET_PROJECT_NAME =  "Your Comet Project Name"

log_last_sagemaker_training_job_v1(
    api_key=COMET_API_KEY,
    workspace=COMET_WORKSPACE,
    project_name=COMET_PROJECT_NAME
)
```

**Known Limitations:**

- Data transfer is only compatible with Training Jobs that use Sagemaker's [builtin algorithms](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/algos.html)
- This method only supports logging the following information from Sagemaker
  - Hyperparameters
  - Metrics
  - Sagemaker specific metadata (BillableTimeInSeconds, TrainingImage, etc)
  - Sagemaker notebook code
- Real time data logging is not supported from the Sagemaker job
- Metrics are logged based on wall clock time. Step/Epoch information is not captured

For more information, please refer to our [Sagemaker Documentation](https://www.comet.com/docs/v2/api-and-sdk/python-sdk/reference/integration.sagemaker/)

## Run the Example

To run this example, you will need both a Sagemaker account and a [Comet account](https://comet.com/signup)

> 1. Upload the `mnist.py` and `train_mnist.ipynb` to your Sagemaker Notebook instance.

Reviewer: It looks easy enough to clone the comet-examples Git repository from Sagemaker studio or hosted JupyterLab, maybe we should recommend cloning the repository instead?

Author: Hmm it's a little tricky. Because the user would have to open up a Jupyterlab UI in the Sagemaker. Then open the terminal, then clone `comet-examples` and then navigate to the appropriate directory before being able to open the notebook. 

Might be easier to just upload the folders to a notebook instance.
